README.md, before:

Copyright (c) 2010 Trevor Rundell. MIT Licensed.

# Requirements

-  Flex 3 SDK

# Online Demos

-  [2010 Qualifying Tournament (You Must Construct Additional Pylons vs Little)](http://battlecode.mit.edu/2010/watch-tournament/182/)
-  [2009 Final Tournament (gtg ice skating lessons vs JIT In My Pants)](http://battlecode.mit.edu:8080/webclient/?match=005-r02-000-team093-team070-theeye-crisscross-downthedrain.xml.deflated)
-  [2009 Final Tournament (My Other Language is English vs We'll do it Live)](http://battlecode.mit.edu:8080/webclient/?match=009-r02b-000-team009-team010-theeye-crisscross-downthedrain.xml.deflated)

## Hotkeys

 -  B - toggle rendering of broadcasts (off by default)
 -  D - toggle discrete movement (off by default)
 -  X - toggle rendering of explosions (on by default)
 -  E - toggle rendering of energy bars (on by default)
 -  H - toggle rendering of unit heights (all, soliders, encampments, none)
 -  G - toggle rendering of grid lines (off by default)
 -  M - toggle rendering of mines (on by default)
 -  K - toggle keyframe processing (slow)
 -  Spacebar - toggle play / pause

Commit message:

add build instrumentations to the README

README.md, after:

Copyright (c) 2010 Trevor Rundell. MIT Licensed.

# Requirements

-  Flex 3 SDK
 - Java JDK 6+
 - Ant

Be sure to set your `FLEX_HOME` environment variable and then run...

```
ant build
```

# Online Demos

-  [2010 Qualifying Tournament (You Must Construct Additional Pylons vs Little)](http://battlecode.mit.edu/2010/watch-tournament/182/)
-  [2009 Final Tournament (gtg ice skating lessons vs JIT In My Pants)](http://battlecode.mit.edu:8080/webclient/?match=005-r02-000-team093-team070-theeye-crisscross-downthedrain.xml.deflated)
-  [2009 Final Tournament (My Other Language is English vs We'll do it Live)](http://battlecode.mit.edu:8080/webclient/?match=009-r02b-000-team009-team010-theeye-crisscross-downthedrain.xml.deflated)

## Hotkeys

 -  B - toggle rendering of broadcasts (off by default)
 -  D - toggle discrete movement (off by default)
 -  X - toggle rendering of explosions (on by default)
 -  E - toggle rendering of energy bars (on by default)
 -  H - toggle rendering of unit heights (all, soliders, encampments, none)
 -  G - toggle rendering of grid lines (off by default)
 -  M - toggle rendering of mines (on by default)
 -  O - toggle hats (on by default)
 -  K - toggle keyframe processing (slow)
 -  Spacebar - toggle play / pause
